You need to add many things:

1. Age: This needs to be a field that is sent to the dashboard/customer/policy area of the applicaton and calculated automatically based on the date of birth.

2. Height - must have 4'0 to 4'11; 5'0 to 5'11; 6'0 to 6'11; 7'0 to 7'11

3. There must be an owner section for the person that will own this policy. The user should only enter information here if the owner is a different person than the proposed insured:

	a. owner name

	b. relationship dropdown (spouse, child, parent, partner, friend, relative, other)

	c. ssn

	d. address

4. Contingent Beneficiary-The user must have the option to add a contingent beneficiary (optional)

	a. Name
	b. Beneficiary Relationship dropdown (spouse, child, parent, partner, friend, relative, other)

5. Must add this: **Check here if you are willing to accept any plan for which you qualify based on this application. The insurance for which you qualify may have a graded or return of premium death benefit for the first two (2) or three (3) years, a face amount less than any indicated on this application, and riders may not be available.**

6. Must add this: During the past 12 months have you used tobacco in any form (excluding occasional pipe and cigar use)?    Yes    No 

7. Add this in the proper area of the application: Rider:  Grandchild/Great Grandchild Coverage   ____ Number of Children Applying    ____ Units

8. Add this: Do you have existing life insurance or an annuity contract? Yes, No
	IF Yes: Will you replace an existing life insurance policy or an annuity? Yes, No 

9. Add this: Physician Name

 
AND WE MUST ADD ALL OF THE FOLLOWING HEALTH QUESTIONS (IF THEY DON'T ALREADY EXIST):

HEALTH INFORMATION

 1.Are you currently hospitalized, confined to a nursing facility, a bed, or a wheelchair due to chronic illness or disease, currently

 using oxygen equipment to assist in breathing, receiving Hospice Care or home health care, or had an amputation caused by

 disease, or do you currently have any form of cancer (excluding basal cell skin cancer) diagnosed or treated by a medical

 professional, or do you require assistance (from anyone) with activities of daily living such as bathing, dressing, eating

 or toileting?   Yes  No

 2.Have you had or been medically advised to have an organ transplant or kidney dialysis, or have you been medically diagnosed

 as having congestive heart failure (CHF), Alzheimer’s, dementia, mental incapacity, Lou Gehrig’s disease (ALS), liver failure,

 respiratory failure, or been diagnosed by a medical professional as having a terminal medical condition or end-stage disease

 that is expected to result in death in the next 12 months?   Yes  No


 3.Have you been medically treated or diagnosed by a medical professional as having Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome

 (AIDS), AIDS related complex (ARC), or any immune deficiency related disorder or tested positive for the Human

 Immunodeficiency Virus (HIV)?  Yes   No

 If any answer to questions 1 through 3 is answered “Yes” the Proposed Insured is not eligible for any coverage.


 4.Have you ever been medically diagnosed or treated for complications of diabetes, including insulin shock, diabetic coma,

 retinopathy (eye), nephropathy (kidney), neuropathy (nerve damage/pain), or used insulin prior to age 50? ..............................  Yes  No


 5.Have you ever been medically diagnosed, treated or taken medication for renal insufficiency, kidney failure, chronic kidney

 disease, or more than one occurrence of cancer in your lifetime (excluding basal cell skin cancer)? .........................................  Yes  No


 6.Within the past 2 years have you had any diagnostic testing (excluding tests related to Human Immunodeficiency Virus (HIV)),

 surgery, or hospitalization advised by a medical professional which has not been completed or for which the results have

 not been received?Yes  No


 7.Within the past 2 years have you:

 a. been medically diagnosed or treated for angina (chest pain), stroke or TIA, cardiomyopathy, systemic lupus (SLE), cirrhosis,

 Hepatitis C, chronic hepatitis, chronic pancreatitis, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), emphysema, chronic

 bronchitis, or required oxygen equipment to assist in breathing?   Yes  No 

 b. had a heart attack or aneurysm, or had or been medically advised to have any type of heart, brain or circulatory surgery

 (including, but not limited to a pacemaker insertion, defibrillator placement), or any procedure to improve circulation?  Yes  No 

c. been medically diagnosed, or treated, or taken medication for any form of cancer (excluding basal cell skin cancer)? Yes  No 

d. used illegal drugs, abused alcohol or drugs, had or been recommended by a medical professional to have treatment or

 counseling for alcohol or drug use or been advised to discontinue use of alcohol or drugs?  Yes  No


 If any answer to questions 4 through 7 is answered “Yes” the Proposed Insured should apply for the Return of Premium Death Benefit Plan.

 8. Within the past 3 years have you been medically diagnosed or treated, or hospitalized for:

 a. stroke, angina (chest pain), heart attack, aneurysm, heart or circulatory surgery or any procedure to improve circulation? Yes  No

 b. or taken medication for any form of cancer (excluding basal cell skin cancer), emphysema, chronic bronchitis, chronic

 obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), ulcerative colitis, cirrhosis, Hepatitis C, or liver disease?  Yes  No

 c. paralysis of two or more extremities or cerebral palsy, multiple sclerosis, seizures, Parkinson’s disease or muscular dystrophy? Yes  No

 If any answer to question 8 is answered “Yes” the Proposed Insured should apply for the Graded Death Benefit Plan.

 If all questions 1 through 8 are answered “No” the Proposed Insured should apply for the Immediate Death Benefit Plan.

WE MUST ADD ALL OF THE FOLLOWING TO THE Bank Details SECTION. IF ALREADY PRESENT THEN SKIP:

name on account

account type (checking, savings)

bank name

bank address

routing

account

Would you like your draft to coincide with your Social Security payment schedule? o Yes o No

Please choose one of the following as your requested draft date (applies to first and future drafts of this account):

o Requested Draft Date, If Any (1st-28th) OR o 2nd Wednesday o 3rd Wednesday o 4th Wednesday


